pg_enable_cron (#2093)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/postgresql/howto/use-pg-cron-extension.rst

Use the PostgreSQL® ``pg_cron`` extension
===========================================

``pg_cron`` is a simple cron-based job scheduler for PostgreSQL (10 or higher) that runs inside the database as an extension. It uses the same syntax as regular cron, but it allows you to schedule PostgreSQL commands directly from the database. You can also use '[1-59] seconds' to schedule a job based on an interval.

.. note:: 
	``pg_cron`` can run multiple jobs in parallel, but it runs at most one instance of a job at a time. If a second run is supposed to start before the first one finishes, then the second run is queued and started as soon as the first run completes.

> The schedule uses the standard cron syntax, in which * means "run every time period", and a specific number means "but only at this time":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schedule uses the standard cron syntax, where an asterisk (*) signifies "execute at every time interval", and a specific number indicates "execute exclusively at this specific time":
```
